Add roll docs, stop_prank docs (#351)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/forge-library/start_roll.md

# `start_roll`

> `fn start_roll(contract_address: ContractAddress, block_number: u64)`

Mocks block number for a contract at the given address. It persists until [`stop_roll`](./stop_roll.md) is called.

- `contract_address` - target contract address
- `block_number` - mocked value of block number

For a contract implementation
```rust
// ...
#[external(v0)]
impl IRollChecker of super::IRollChecker<ContractState> {
    fn get_block_number(ref self: ContractState) -> u64 {
        starknet::get_block_info().unbox().block_number
    }
}
// ...
```

> We can use roll in a test to change 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use `start_roll` to change the current block number inside a test
```
